[Music]
Albus Dumbledore Nerva McGonagall and
Rubeus Hagrid professors of Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry
deliver an orphaned infant named Harry
Potter to his only remaining relatives
the Dursleys ten years later harry has
been battling a disjointed life with the
Dursleys inadvertently causing an
accident during a family outing and
begins receiving unsolicited letters by
owls finally Hagrid reappears and Harry
learns he is actually a wizard and has
been accepted into Hogwarts against the
Dursleys wishes after taking Harry to
Diagon Alley to buy his supplies for
Hogwarts including a uniform a wand and
a pet owl named Hedwig as a birthday
present Hagrid informs him of his past
Harry is the orphaned son of two wizards
who met their demise at the hands of
Lord Voldemort a malevolent all-powerful
wizard by a killing curse with Harry
being the only survivor in the chaos
thus leading to his fame in the
Wizarding World as the Boy Who Lived
Harry is then taken to Kings Cross
station to board a train to the school
while on the train Harry meets Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger he also
encounters Draco Malfoy a spoiled child
from a wealthy Wizarding family who
eventually becomes Harry's biggest rival
at school the students assemble in the
Great Hall where Harry and all the other
first-year students are sorted by the
sorting hat between four houses
Gryffindor Hufflepuff Ravenclaw and
Slytherin Harry is placed into
Gryffindor alongside Ron and Hermione at
Hogwarts Harry begins learning wizardry
and discovers more about his past and
his parents Harry is also recruited for
Gryffindor Quidditch team as a seeker
which is rare for first-year students
while exploring the school one night
Harry and his friends discover a giant
three-headed dog named fluffy in a
restricted area of the school they later
find out fluffy is guarding the
Philosopher's Stone an item that can be
used to grant its owner
immortality Harry suspects that potions
teacher Severus Snape is trying to
obtain the stone in order to return
Baltimore to physical form the children
learn from Hagrid the fluffy will fall
asleep if he hears music Harry Ron and
Hermione decide to try and find the
stone before Snape does but discover
that fluffy is already asleep to get
past fluffy and faced a series of
safeguards which includes surviving a
deadly plant known as Devils snare a
room filled with aggressive flying keys
and a dangerous life-sized game of
after getting past the tasks Harry
discovers that it was Defense Against
the Dark Arts teacher Professor Quirrell
who was trying to claim the stone and
that Snape was protecting Harry all
along Quirrell removes his turban and
reveals a weak Voldemort to be living on
the back of his head through an
enchantment place by Professor
Dumbledore Harry finds himself in
possession of the stone
Voldemort attempts to convince Harry to
give him the stone but promising to
bring his parents back from the dead
when Harry refuses Quirrell attacks but
Harry's touch burns Quirrell skin and
reduces him to dust killing him
when Harry gets back up Voldemort spirit
rises from quarles ashes and passes
through Harry knocking him unconscious
Harry wakes up in the school's hospital
wing with Dumbledore at his side
Dumbledore explains that the stone has
been destroyed and that Ron and Hermione
are both fine
Dumbledore also reveals how Harry was
able to defeat Worrell when Harry's
mother died to save him her death gave
Harry a love based protection against
Baltimore Harry Ron and Hermione are
rewarded with house points for their
heroic performances tying them for first
place with Slytherin
however Neville Longbottom has awarded
10 points for attempting to stop his
friends giving Gryffindor enough points
to win the house Cup Harry returns home
for the summer happy to finally have a
real home in Hogwarts
[Music]
you